These are the questions from Part C.  There are three questions and they all
pertain to Part C.

1.) Describe in words what numbers are in your table and not crossed out.

	The numbers in the table that are not crossed out are the numbers that
	have factors that are prime numbers greater than 1000.  This is
	because in Part B the algorithm used L as sqrt(J) instead of 1000.
	Therefore, it found the prime numbers between 0 and sqrt(J), which
	contains many more prime numbers, and then found the smallest multiple
	of the i'th prime and continued to add that prime to cross out all
	numbers that were divisible by that prime between I and J.  Since Part
	C only had the primes between 0 and 1000, we took each prime and found
	the smallest multiple greater than I and continued to add that prime
	upon itself marking out numbers.  Since 0 to 1000 has less primes than
	0 to sqrt(J), there were numbers that were not prime between I and J
	that were not crossed out.  These numbers are the ones that were
	divisible by primes greater than 1000 and not divisible by primes
	lower than 1000.  You can say that the set of numbers not crossed out are
	relatively prime to the set of prime numbers between 0 and 1000.

2.) Are the primes between I and J crossed out or not crossed out? Explain.

	The prime numbers between I and J are not crossed out.  This is
	because of the way the algorithm works.  Since the prime numbers
	between I and J are, by definition, only divisible by 1 and itself,
	there couldn't possibly be a prime number between 0 and 1000 that
	could have been multiplied to at least greater than or equal to I then
	added uppon itself to equal any of the primes inbetween I and J.  This
	is because if any prime p inbetween 0 to 1000 would have to be a factor
	of any number it crosses out.  Thus, since primes are only divisible
	by 1 and itself, and neither 1 nor itself is a prime number between 0
	and 1000, there are no factoring numbers in the set of prime numbers
	between 0 and 1000.  Therefore, all of the prime numbers between I and
	J are still not crossed out!

3.) Are the composites between I and J crossed out or not crossed out?
Explain.

	Yes and no.  Most of the composite numbers between I and J have been
	crossed out since there are 52326 primes between I and J and in Part C
	we now have 81728 numbers not crossed out.  Since all of the prime
	numbers are still not crossed out, this means that there are 29402
	composite numbers that are not crossed out. Since there are 947674
	composite numbers between I and J, it's fairly clear most of the
	composite numbers are crossed out however.  This is because there are
	several thousand numbers inbetween I and J that were not able to be
	factored by the set of prime numbers lower than 1000.  The composite
	numbers left not crossed out are all divisible by only prime numbers
	greater than 1000.  Specifically, the numbers that can divide the
	composite numbers not crossed out are two prime numbers, one of which
	is greater than 1000 and less than sqrt(J) and the other is greater
	than sqrt(J). However, since neither of the factors of these few composite
	numbers that weren't crossed out were not below 1000 and prime, this
	allowed them to never be crossed out since we never went higher than
	1000 to find a factor.







